Update clients.md (#1153)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/api/tds/clients.md

## Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (v18.x)

1. Select **Connect**, and then **Database Engine** under **Object Explorer**.
1. Specify the name of Azure Data Explorer cluster as a server name. For example, *mykusto.region.kusto.windows.net*.

> 1. Set **Azure Active Directory - Universal with MFA** for authentication and specify user name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set **Azure Active Directory - Universal with MFA** for authentication and specify the username.
```
